date: October 31, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jrhoeber>, <josephpu>, <komlanaz>]
absent: [<fgpinnoc]>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: overhauled views, added pdf display for applicants view},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: login page added and updated},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: admin page},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: None}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP yo}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Group discussed current progress with Carl and Atri
  moving forward, we will be moving towards a built in account creation and registration
