date: November 2, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <komlanaz>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Continued fixes to professor contexts},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Added in student page},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: changes to admin page},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP Needed}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  LDAP is not coming, moving to full on account creation
  Student contexts need to be fixed
  Jordan helped Komlan begin to fix issues with git