date: October 15, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, fgpinnoc]
absent: [<komlanaz>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Worked on django auth},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: worked on db design},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: N/A},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Student contexty stuff}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: that ssl tho...}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  DB design still in progress
  still waiting on ssl certs
  contexts to be setup for views