date: September 12, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: [<komlanaz>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: ?},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Looked in to bootsrap and HTML editors for mockup},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Looked in to bootsrap and HTML editors for mockup},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Looked in to bootsrap and HTML editors for mockup},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Discussed which editor to use for the mockup and when to meet next.
  Next meeting planned as well as what to do. Mockup to be completed by the end of the afternoon on Sunday.