date: November 9, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jrhoeber>, <josephpu>, <komlanaz>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Drop down menus fixed},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: continued work on admin page},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Student pages finished.},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Set up application on jarvis. it is now live in a dev env.}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
    The server is now live
    group discussed beta testing potential
    discussed the testing of testable functions
    discussed necessity of account creation and the function of django-registration
