date: November 15, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>, <komlanaz>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Discussed conflicting context issues},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: working on fixing git repo, continued alterations for admin panel},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Fixed context issues},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Investigated inappropriate context accesss issues for group}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
    discussed residual changes to be made as well as extra features that will be implemented in the future with continued support
    discussed the upcoming sprint 5 requirements as well as scheduling our presentation
    continued to talk about the bugs in the application as well as their resolution
    set up remaining issues and assigned them to members to be completed for the weekend.