date: November 9, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <komlanaz>, <fgpinnoc>, <jrhoeber>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: as well as drop down pages, improved views and forms},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: looked into fixing student contexts},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: further modification of admin panel},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: issues with account creation investigated and looked into}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP}  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
    redirects need to be fixed
    issues with accessibility by the wrong user group to certain contexts
    Discussed current group progress in sprint 4
    talked about various issues including make up philosophy points