date: September 18, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<komlanaz>, <josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: login page},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: prof. page},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: applicant page},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: login page},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included

  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  mockup completed with professor page, login page, and applicant page