date: September 12, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<komlanaz>, <josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <>, : reason: },
  {ubit: <>, reason: }
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: Studied django and other web dev frameworks.},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Studied django and other web dev frameworks. Got project req. from Carl},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Studied django and other web dev frameworks.},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Studied django and other web dev frameworks.},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Group discussed django
  Jesse was set to investigate the use of shibolleth for client logins for our app. Is it possible?
  Group discussed the creation of a view for first demo as well as the process.