date: November 16, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>, <komlanaz>, <josephpu>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: made active classes changeable and fixed issues with student contexts},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Class listing page finished},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: Altered fields in admin page},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: account creation completed with email capability}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP}]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
    Discussed any residual issues to change before the end of the sprint
    discussed packaging the application for deployment
    began searching for bugs and discussed any changes or issues that need to be seen to with the auth stuff
    tested the application