date: November 20, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <komlanaz>]
absent: [<fgpinnoc>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: Added residual functionality to admin page for addition of professors},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: added schema for jen and donna pages, as well as fixed issues wtih existing models and contexts},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Fixed all redirect issues and customized account creation pages. Fixed issues with group access, etc.}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Bugs were worked out continually throughout the meeting and the application is fully functional
  tested the application and discussed what to do next as far as adding "optional" functionality down the road
  discussed packaging the application and a timeline for that, as well as getting it fully functional for the server
