date: October 26, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <komlanaz>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Professor contexts almost complete},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: fixed db issue},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: fixed db issue},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Django auth implemented. Users can sign in and be redirected appropriately},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  We are generally on track
  db issues were worked out. hopefully no more issues with it
  beginning to look into running the app on the server to eliminate db issues for the rest of development
  unsure of wether or not we'll be able to beta test in time for sprint 4 week 1.