date: October 19, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, reason: Sick},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, reason: Issues at home}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Redesigned db},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: began restructuring urls for regex to accept login/logout},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: N/a},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: N/a},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP will never come.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
   moving forward with reworking db to make it easier to use
   considering using json files to store different optional fields in class creation etc
   switching to django auth since ldap isnever coming