date: September 19, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, reason: Issues at home},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, reason: Sick.}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: DB restructuring in progress},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: url restructuring completed. django auth almost done},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: N/a},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: N/a},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP is a unicorn}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
   DB reworked
   django auth partially implemented, regex are annoying