date: November 2, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <fgpinnoc>, <komlanaz>, <jrhoeber>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Professor context fixes},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: student pages now exist},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: customized admin pages},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: researched built in account creation}]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: LDAP would be cool}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Group discussed progress with andy as well as sprint 4 procedures
  continued fixing komlans git repo