date: October 12, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <komlanaz>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: worked on db redesign},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: SSL Cert.... },
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Discussed DB redesign and necessary design decisions that will effect the application
  Set up sprint 3 issues
  discussed sprint 3; we need to have it fully functioning so we can implement extra features and tests in sprint 4