date: October 12, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <komlanaz>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: SSL.....}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  all issues assigned for the beginning of the sprint
  plan laid out so that memebers can begin implementing their features
  still no word on ssl cert